docs/05_Integrations/05_Cordova.md, before:


TestFairy SDK for PhoneGap/Cordova is currently available for iOS and Android apps.

## Installation

To add the plugin to your project via [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/com.testfairy.cordova-plugin), simply run the following command from Terminal:

```
cordova plugin add com.testfairy.cordova-plugin
```

Alternatively, you could install it directly from GitHub:

```
cordova plugin add https://github.com/testfairy/testfairy-cordova-plugin
```

## Upgrading

To upgrade your plugin, please run:

```
cordova plugin update com.testfairy.cordova-plugin
```

## Usage

Initialize TestFairy with your [App Token](https://app.testfairy.com/settings/#apptoken) by calling `TestFairy.begin`. Your **APP TOKEN** is available at https://app.testfairy.com/settings/#apptoken.

It's recommended to invoke `TestFairy.begin` from `onDeviceReady`. For example, here's *onDeviceReady* from *index.js*:

 ```
  onDeviceReady: function() {
    app.receivedEvent('deviceready');
    TestFairy.begin(APP TOKEN);
  },
```

## Where to go from here?

* Have a look at the [API documentation](https://github.com/testfairy/testfairy-cordova-plugin/blob/master/www/testfairy.js) for other calls you can make to the TestFairy plugin

* Follow the project on [GitHub](https://github.com/testfairy/testfairy-cordova-plugin) for updates, reporting bugs, or contributing to the project!

Commit message:

Updated Cordova documentation to include ionic

docs/05_Integrations/05_Cordova.md, after:


TestFairy SDK for PhoneGap/Cordova is currently available for iOS and Android apps.

## Installation

To add the plugin to your project via [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/com.testfairy.cordova-plugin), simply run the following command from Terminal:

```
cordova plugin add com.testfairy.cordova-plugin
```

Alternatively, you could install it directly from GitHub:

```
cordova plugin add https://github.com/testfairy/testfairy-cordova-plugin
```

#### Ionic

The same plugin can be used for ionic by installing the plugin using the following command

```
ionic plugin add com.testfairy.cordova-plugin
```

## Upgrading

To upgrade your plugin, please run:

```
cordova plugin update com.testfairy.cordova-plugin
```

## Usage

Initialize TestFairy with your [App Token](https://app.testfairy.com/settings/#apptoken) by calling `TestFairy.begin`. Your **APP TOKEN** is available at `https://app.testfairy.com/settings/#apptoken`.

It's recommended to invoke `TestFairy.begin` from `onDeviceReady`. For example, here's *onDeviceReady* from `index.js`:

```
  onDeviceReady: function() {
    app.receivedEvent('deviceready');
    TestFairy.begin("APP TOKEN");
  }
```

### Ionic

On Ionic, you can initialize the TestFairy plugin in the `ready` method. Your **APP TOKEN** is available at `https://app.testfairy.com/settings/#apptoken`.

```
angular.module('starter', ['ionic', 'starter.controllers', 'starter.services'])

.run(function($ionicPlatform) {
  $ionicPlatform.ready(function() {
    TestFairy.begin("APP TOKEN");
  });
})
```

## Where to go from here?

* Have a look at the [API documentation](https://github.com/testfairy/testfairy-cordova-plugin/blob/master/www/testfairy.js) for other calls you can make to the TestFairy plugin

* Follow the project on [GitHub](https://github.com/testfairy/testfairy-cordova-plugin) for updates, reporting bugs, or contributing to the project!
